what's up everybody droid attic here
with the HTC Thunderbolt take a look at
a way that some tips and tricks that you
can actually increase the battery life
on this guy that seems to be the running
complaints with the phone is that the
battery life isn't less than people as
long as they think it should or not
getting them through the day so this is
just some tips and tricks whether you're
new to android or been with android for
a while on how to actually increase the
battery life on the HTC Thunderbolt or
really you could use them for any
Android device but this just seems to be
the newest battery called for a lot of
people so we're going to be taking a
look at it this video is more
specifically for people that have not
rooted this device just some basic you
know everyday tips and tricks to help
you get the best and better battery life
that you can so the first one man take a
look at is the iconic HTC Sense weather
clock here and if you open it up and hit
menu you can go into settings and I just
go ahead and uncheck the update
automatically so that way it's not
running in the background checking
everyone to 12 hours on the weather
because it may not be that important to
you I just like to know you know if I
click on it I've got it set to wear to
refresh whenever I open it that way
whenever I click on it I can see what
the temperature is outside now and see
what the next four days are going to
look like for me speaking of updating in
the background you'll notice that we've
only got three pages of stuff that's
actually on it we don't have anything
else on any of the other pages like as
far as the social widgets or any widgets
that automatically update with it our
RSS feed stocks or anything like that so
having widgets that automatically update
make sure you turn those down to three
hours I would say is a good minimum and
you know having them set to where you
can just do them manually or anything
like that to where it's not constantly
using data in the background will
definitely help out your battery life
it's also got some widgets set up here
for Wi-Fi gps mobile network and
Bluetooth the Wi-Fi Bluetooth and GPS if
you are not using these three guys make
they are off that's why I've got these
three already set that way I can just
you know automatically see if they're on
or off and adjust those accordingly
Wi-Fi if you leave it on you know if you
connect it it is better to stay
connected to Wi-Fi more than your mobile
network because you you know you have
more of a direct connection there for
your data and if you leave it on though
it's going to constantly search for open
network so that's something you don't
really need to have going on and it's
going to use more battery life so GPS is
kind of the same way constantly
searching for your location bluetooth
not so much but it's just a good idea to
have you know have it off if you're not
using it and I've also got the mobile
network widget here so you'll notice my
3g whenever I tap that turns my 3g off
so you're in the office or go into an
area that has bad data connection or if
you're even you know on the Wi-Fi you
want to make sure to turn that mobile
network off because it's not going to be
connecting to verizon's towers that you
know may be miles away and you're still
going to be able to get onto the you
know get your text message get your
phone calls for anything that is data
related you won't be able to do with
this off unless you're connected to
Wi-Fi so like I said if you're at the
office and you're not worried about
getting your emails or phone calls right
away go in turn that off to help you get
through those you know eight hours that
you're just sitting there in front of a
computer that you don't really need to
have the mobile network on here speaking
of the auto refresh that we were talking
about earlier Facebook and Twitter or
two big ones that if you know I've got
everything for facebook coming through
my gmail so I don't really need to have
it updating every hour every three hours
to telling me you know who's poke me or
whose message me or anything like that I
just get it through the email and that's
one way of counseling out one just to
use the data on another so we've also
got what else do we got here you can go
into settings and go to accounts and
sync and i believe i've already got this
pulled up see don't sue me see there we
go and you can see news and stocks now
whenever you get this phone out of the
box and probably the same thing with a
lot of other HTC Sense devices news and
stocks are automatically set to
so what you do is you just click on one
and you can uncheck the sink stock info
or with the news the same thing you can
unthink the news I don't do anything
through the actual HTC part of things to
actually sink the news or stocks so make
sure you go ahead and turn those off
because if you don't they're just going
to be ticking every hour for something
that you may not even look at or may not
even use so any of these things that you
can use another good one is actually
turning your display turn the brightness
from automatic brightness maybe turn in
it down a little bit more instead of
having it up if you're in a well-lit
area that you're not really meaning the
brightness to be turned up maybe you
know the light sensors aren't picking it
up as well as you'd like to see it let
me get that text message oh there we go
so yeah just different things like that
to where you can turn those auto refresh
updates down to a minimum or just turn
them off completely to where you're
doing and manually will definitely help
increase your battery life we're going
to be doing a follow up video for rooted
users just to get a little bit more in
depth of removing apps or going in with
setcpu and turning your your one
gigahertz processor down a little bit so
we're definitely gonna be doing a follow
up video for that make sure you follow
us on twitter twitter com backslash
droid attic and check out the site if
you've got any tips we're definitely
gonna be doing it right up it would be
in the underbar and if you got any extra
tips for non rooted users or for rooted
users definitely send us that through
the contact page or just contact us
through twitter and we'll add those to
the write-up for sure if we feel like
they are needed so definitely check us
out guys and subscribe to this YouTube
channel because we've got a lot more
coming for you